s project asks us to develop a logging utility that allows the caller to save message at the end of the list.
Also it would record the time of the message it was logged in. We were given a header file log.h which had the following functions
addmsg(),clearlog(),getlog(),savelog() and a data_t structure that holds a time_t value (time) and a pointer to a character string
of undetermined length (string).

Challenges faced :

1. I was able to set up the git repository. 
2. I was also able to successfully create a Makefile and used suffix rules.
3. I also read getopt() and perror() from the documentation provided in the class but when it comes to implementation I wasn't able to do that.
   I hardcoded the custom message using perror for various cases. 
4. I did use time and localtime functions in my code to get the current time.
5. For addmsg() function I tried creating data_t and also tried adding timestamp,also tried inserting the copy of data_t at the end of the list. 
6. In the savelog function I tried to write the messages to a file
7. In clearlog tried to use free() function to clear the memory allocated previously.
8. In getlog() function tried allocating memory for the messages and read those from the file message.log

PLEASE NOTE: I do not have any experience in C and purely due to lack of such experience, I was not able to fully write the functions mentioned in log.h properly. 
I tried reading and looking into videos and tutorials that would help me, but that was not of much help for Project 1 due to lack of sufficient time.
I went through linkedlists, how to allocate memory using malloc, calloc and realloc.I also read getopt() , perror() and went through the 
documentation provided on Canvas. I am understanding the structure and theory but when it comes to implementation I wasn't able to implement
it correctly. I really tried working hard on this project and despie having started early, this was all I could realistically do given the timeframe.

I would really appreciate it if coding/project related exercises, tutorials and examples are provided and demonstrated in class to help me 
learn coding/developing programs that are required in completing the projects for this course. 

